FEMA DECLARATION ( Applicable in case of export of goods ) : ( Under Section 10 ( 5 ) , Chapter III of The Foreign Exchange Management Act , 1999 ) I / We hereby declare that the transaction , the details of which are specifically mentioned in this letter does not involve , and is not designed for the purpose of any contravention or evasion of the provisions of the aforesaid act of any rule , regulation , notification , direction or order made thereunder . I / We also hereby agree and undertake to give such information / documents as will reasonably satisfy you about this transaction in terms of the above declaration . I / We also under take that if I / We refuse to comply with any such requirements or make only unsatisfactory compliance there with , the bank shall refuse in writing to undertake the transaction and shall if it has reason to believe that any contravention / evasion is contemplated by me / us report the matter to Reserve Bank Of India . बैंक ऑफ़ बड़ौदा Bank of Baroda I / We further declare that the undersigned has / have the authority to give the above debit authority , declaration and undertaking on behalf of the firm / company . OTHER GENERAL DECLARATIONS 2 . APPLICATION FOR EXPORT BILL COLLECTION / FINANCE 1. We agree and are bound to comply with all prevailing rules and regulations applicable for this transaction . 3 . 4 . 5 . We agree that bank of baroda uses to the services of other correspondent banks to provide services to their customers . We understand that the bank is taking due care to protect the interest of its customers and they are not responsible if any loss / delay / any other damages occur due to the corresponding bank and / or the overseas bank . We authorize you to convert the captioned inward remittance without referring to us , if the amount is credited in our EEFC / RFC / diamond dollar account and remains unutilized on or before the last day of the succeeding calendar month at the best possible rate . l / we also agree that the exchange rate will be applicable at the time of deal booking and may vary from the rate prevailing when the request is submitted . I / we also understand that the rate communicated to us ( if any ) is an indicative rate and the actual rate may be different from the same . l / we agree that in the event the transaction is cancelled or revoked by me / us after submitting the request for processing to the bank any exchange losses incurred in this connection can be charged to my / our Bank of Baroda account . 6 . In case of merchant trade transaction i / we undertake to complete the entire export and import leg within a maximum period of 270 days and also undertake that outlay of funds will not exceed 4 months and without incurring any financial loss . We also undertake that both the legs of the merchant trade transaction will be routed through bank of baroda only . DATE 7. l / we also declare that the transaction does not have linkage with specially designated nations and blocked person ( SDN ) countries listed under OFAC / UN sanctions in any manner .I / we undertake not to hold bank of baroda responsible for any of its action or inaction in respect of the OFAC - linked / UN sanctioned transactions . 2 2 0 2 3 Documents enclosed : ( Tick all that are relevant ) Multiple Inward remittance / E- FIRC details as per annexure I ✔Multiple Shipping Bill details as per annexure II ✔Original Export LC Other documents , if any ( Please specify ) ( Authorised Signatory with Company / Firm seal ) 